Update keptn docs for release 0.16.2-rc1 (#1391)
keptn/keptn.github.io: content/docs/0.16.2-rc1/reference/cli/commands/keptn_delete_project.md

---
date: "2022-08-22T13:49:44Z"
title: "keptn delete project"
slug: keptn_delete_project
---
## keptn delete project

Deletes a project identified by project name

### Synopsis

Deletes a project identified by project name. 

**Notes:**
* If a Git upstream is configured for this project, the referenced upstream repository (e.g., on GitHub) will not be deleted. 
* Services that have been deployed to the Kubernetes cluster are not deleted.
* Namespaces that have been created on the Kubernetes cluster are not deleted.

> * Helm-releases created for deployments are not deleted. To clean-up deployed Helm releases, please see [Clean-up after deleting a project](../../../../continuous_delivery/deployment_helm/#clean-up-after-deleting-a-project)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Helm-releases created for deployments are not deleted. To clean-up deployed Helm releases, please see [Delete a project](../../../../manage/delete).
```
